So when we chose do reverts back we have put on writing articles relevant to the VM to the state it
was in.
We do not know what was taking.
So remember we have to file this this is for the snapshot.
Number one this is for the.
Number two if we try to add any editing right there it will be deleted.
Without saving this data writer.
So another rule that you should know if you try to revert back to the snapshot number three in any situation
you can revert back to the snapshot number to and from that natural number you can revert back to those
not short number one.
So if we try to back to the Snark number like that we just click on this one.
Just want to your machine when reverting to the neighborhood I tell you that this option if you have
some use it or it just makes your machine click yes.
Rivette snapshot to this one.
If we click on it you will find that this wall will be disconnected.
Give me some little time.
The task take its own time to spark
that is it.
You see that you are hurt in the snapshot number two.
So if you box to a virtual machine and refresh you will find that do find them is deleted because the
file created after making this natural number talk.
Then if you back right here and click on the snapshot and battery let's try to see what would happen
right there.
OK.
That's me and we want to go to the snapshot number three this mean back to the previous states before
buckling to this natural number to that is it's.
So you are here it's worked perfectly.
If we check this one.
Refresh the file number two buck so we can move between this one to this one and this one to this one.
But of course if you go back to this snapshot number two and make it when you're back to the snapshot
number three alde editing will be lost.
So let's try it for example bucketed the snapshot.
Number two does it not back in the file it will be deleted.
So I headed back to that snapshot.
Number two if you back to the virtual machine you have the file number one.
Only if we try to create for example a mother file like that for example number for me we have a folder
called number for let's try to make some other situation.
For example we create a snapshot from this one like that.
Take a snapshot.
One example this one will be Snape George number two.
Mean inside is natural number two and we create a second one.
So.
Let's see what would happen right here.
So you see snapshot number two is Abdul-Malik of the snapshot.
Number three.
So we have two snapshots formed original snapshot as natural numbers to give us snapshot man memory
and natural number 2 0 2.
So if we back right here and for example creates an updates for those natural numbers to but this will
be two
like that's my nurse and talk like that.
I mean this is the file does not show them but talk 0 2.
So if we try to back to the snapshot number three of course if remembered the file number two will back
this to a file will be deleted because we create some in Abdula bit of the SNOPT should number two but
that it does not exist in the snapshot number 3 because of a snapshot before reverts back to the snapshot
number two.
So let's try to go back to the Sinatra and Buttrick.
It's something very funny you move between a different snapshot but of course when you decide to finish
the editing of the snapshot you will take the latest one that you have editing.
So of course the machine will be disconnected again.
This disconnect only happened in the browser.
If you use them workstation division machine will be available and maybe it will disconnect and connect
automatically without needing to refresh the browser.
So what is it you are here in snapshot number three if you are back to just want to discover what's
happened right here.
We see that defined number two back but define number three.
And two point two is deleted so we can move between the different snapshot for example this one we installed
application and br1 this wonderful application of Berto and the other one for the application industry.
When you're finished the difference not short then you just Jew.
Delays are natural.
So the next you would see how to delete those snapshot.